Add TWAP spec (#2203)
osmosis-labs/osmosis: x/gamm/twap/README.md

* last spot price of base asset B in terms of quote asset A
* Accumulation value of base asset A in terms of quote asset B
* Accumulation value of base asset B in terms of quote asset A

All TWAP records are indexed in state by the time of write.

A new TWAP record is created in two situations:
* When a pool is created
* In the `EndBlock`, if the block contains any potentially price changing event for the pool. (Swap, LP, Exit)

When a pool is created, records are created with the current spot price of the pool.

During `EndBlock`, new records are created, with:
* The accumulator's value is updated based upon the most recent prior accumulator's stored last spot price
* The `LastSpotPrice` value is equal to the EndBlock spot price.

In the event that a pool is created, and has a swap in the same block, the record entries are over written with the end block price.

### Tracking spot-price changing events in a block

The flow by which we currently track spot price changing events in a block is as follows:
* AMM hook triggers for Swapping, LPing or Exiting a pool
* TWAP listens for this hook, and adds this pool ID to a local tracker

> * In end block, TWAP iterates over every changed pool that block, based on the local tracker, and updates their TWAP records

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the end block, TWAP iterates over every changed pool in that block, based on the local tracker, and updates their TWAP records
```

> * In end block, TWAP clears the changed pool list, so its blank by the next block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* In the end block, TWAP clears the changed pool list, so it is blank by the next block.
```
